The Joe Rogan experience. How do you feel in your and your sober October?
Like what,
what are the biggest differences that you notice or do you notice any?
I feel great. Yeah.
The pillows, the booze is what gets ya, booze get like booze slows you down,
for sure. Like, I feel way better without a couple of drinks,
but I like a couple of drinks. So it's like the balancing act of.
I wish I could have a couple drinks. I don't, I don't see the point. I don't,
I like.
Bucket. Well.
I just don't see the point. It's like decaf coffee, or, you know, like.
A couple of drinks.
No, because I want to get.
Yeah.
And I was saying this, you know, before we came out, I'm like,
I wish I could just smoke weed. Cause I did that through.
So for most of my twenties, I did everything to avoid having to get sober again.
And a lot of my thirties and I definitely was
trying to like manage it.
And there were years where I just smoked weed and didn't drink.
But what happens to me is that it'll be a gorgeous day like this and I'll be
down in Venice and I'll smoke some weed and then maybe I'll get a little racy
because the weed is racy.
And then I want to balance it out with that gorgeous looking half from on the
waterfront. And next thing you know, I'm doing lines in the townhouse like that.
That's where it goes every time for me.
Do you think that there's like a well oiled groove that's in your
brain that once you get some substances in there, like, woo.
I wonder,
I wonder what it is because it's interesting because so many, um,
this is why I love like 12 step because no one wants to be there and there's
some of the funniest places ever.
And then I'll hear people come talk about like 12 step and how it doesn't work
and blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, it, it works for a lot of people.
And every time I go,
I get to listen to like essentially some up story that turned into a miracle,
like some guy who was like, and then I had hookers and then I was jazzed.
And then now like, and you've been sober and you're like an upstanding,
like there,
these rooms are filled with people who would be men menaces to society.
Myself included. I came out of a blackout driving on the 4 0 5.
Yeah. It was one of the hands down, most terrifying moments of my life. It was.
And I had been at universal studios.
So I had driven all the way from universal to the 4 0 5 getting on the 10,
how you got there. I had no recollection.
Apparently I had been out with a bunch of people and I got scared when I was at
the bar because there were these guys following me around.
I was with a bunch of like high poker, high rollers.
And I made alcoholism look amazing.
Crazy people. They.
Were security guards. I didn't know this.
Love it. When you can get off drugs,
like that's one addiction that people take very seriously.
And they're happy for you when you get off of drugs or alcohol.
But if you get off of gambling, no.
Yeah, no, no, no. Well, some people do. I mean,
it's funny because I've had four P I've helped four people quit smoking weed in
the past year and it is gnarly. And part of the problem, I know you,
I know you give me this. I know, I know, I know you don't want to hear it. Um,
but these are people who were really addicted to it and they couldn't stop or
mentally, well, I think the physical part you get over, it's just that,
that it's insidious because you get laughed at.
The one that fuzzy distance.
The fuzzy does scent and it's easy. And it's like, for me,
what I noticed was that, um,
it was like this we'd seal glass kind of ceiling made of smoke.
And once I stopped quit smoking weed,
I was suicidally depressed two years, like two years,
I smoked for 20 years in my developmental teenage years.
I don't think I had any two years to get, I mean, it's an oil.
I think it gets into your fat.
Do I don't think there's any.
Real loss? No, I don't think there's any science.
I just know from my experience that it took me awhile to like get back online.
And I felt like I was having a hard time kind of boosting up to like where I
I'm naturally like a happy guy. I wake up and I'm like trial a lab.
But for the two first years I got sober. It was gnarly. It was.
I think Pete, there's different people. I mean, I'm just joking around,
but them not being addicted.
I think there's people that get addicted to a lot of things.
Well, it's been what's the problem is that people don't take it seriously.
So there'll be like, oh yeah,
that's not a real addiction because it doesn't kill.
So when someone says that I'm addicted to PI like, ah, get over it.
You won't do, but so you don't do anything, you know, I'm like, yeah,
you won't do anything. You won't kill anybody. You just won't do anything.
And I think for my experience,
that clarity that I got at the is, um, kind of priceless. I mean,
I used to write the stuff and think that I was just so funny or so insightful.
And it was like, what the was that.
Most embarrassing.
I'm going to come back and read my journals that I wrote when I was high and
thought I was so insightful. And you can tell I'm just high and drunk, like,
right. Thank you. That I'm being like, so insightful.
Occasionally you'll get gems, occasionally marijuana.
We'll let a little air through. And you're like, oh, what is this? I found.
I miss it. I was saying that the addict in me, it's the thing I love the most.
I've always loved it. The mowers and the addicts and me, I'm like, I'm worried.
I'm going to like give myself cancers so that I know
like subconsciously. And then when I got sober, I did get cancer. I got Basil's.
Hell yeah. I like, I was like,
I guess I need to smoke weed. Now. My friend's like is basil, south Bridget.
Like, it's not real. It's um, I don't know.
It's it's like it's skin cancer, but it's like the least I have a scar here.
It's like the least, um, it's not Melanie. It's kind of a joke.
I mean maybe, maybe, I don't know. Maybe,
maybe I'll Google this and find out it kills like millions of people,
but it was, my doctor made practically a joke of it.
It's kind of like the beta or arc of, of skin cancer. It's like,
it wants a lot of attention, but it's just, he became president,
but it's completely ineffective.
Because adorable.
No, he's.
So famous. So close to beta too. I know better.
Yeah, I know. I know. Do you think that he's just like using his, um,
his like father-in-law's money?
Um, well he definitely is doing that right.
Is that, I don't know.
I have no evidence starting rumors on Joe rogan.com.
I think he started the fire in the Palisades.
He probably gave me cancer skin cancer. He's the one who made your drink.
He provided the lines of the condo.
I do. I do sometimes. Like I watch your podcasts and it's like,
I bet I wish I could just go drink whiskey with the boys.
Like I used SU and like go travel the world.
I was in Sri Lanka partying and it was in.
I have a good night party. And now
you got a good night where it didn't go off the rails. Maybe not an alcoholic.
I do. I do a whole standard routine about how, when I quit drinking,
my family gave me like a reverse intervention because my,
my family is also, um, there.
So there's an aunt now. It's like a Irish Catholic,
huge family. It's just part of the culture. And they were like,
we're worried about you. You're not drinking enough.
Clarity of pregnant.
What are you so bad? Oh, wait, are you going to get vegan now? Breasts.
What are you going to do? Save the whales. You stop using plastic straws.
Yeah.
That's hilarious. Yeah. I think there's people that can't do stuff. Yeah.
I, I, I wish I could. I tried. I mean, it.
Seemed to be having a good time.
It's a mirror. I'm still nuts. All that. The second,
like wife stuff happened in sobriety. That was like a crazy time.
That time in my life. It wasn't like college. It was like,
I was like 37 years old.
A little slide truck, no big deal. I.
I'm, I'm grateful. It's a miracle that I did make it, make it to getting sober.
Like when I look from 20 to 35, I mean,
even though it was years when I moved back, when I was here at 19 in the valley,
it was just a lot of playing dominoes and doing blow late into
the night. Oh yeah. All night with a bunch of like,
D-list like porn stars and a lawyer who dealt
us all of our blow. And it was just, and I was,
uh, yeah, I mean, I, and from that to like dating a really rich student,
being all over Europe and drinking Dom everywhere and being in Santra bay.
And I was like, I've, I've always joked. I've made it look amazing.
But in, and people are like, why'd you quit? Why did you quit Virginia?
And they want to hear some story. Like I killed someone in a,
in a drunk driving accident, something that they can, and I'm like,
I was just dying inside,
like something in me knew that I could do better.
Like I knew there was like a little voice that always knew.
And part of it was being in rehab at 19.
Like it wasn't like I had evidence that, yeah. Yeah.
I mean, I can't imagine me on Twitter in 2016 without
alcohol and drugs, I would, I'd be banned.
I'd be canceled and I'd be banned.